chore: add docker-compose deployment and improve container networking instructions (#280)
apache/incubator-hugegraph-ai: hugegraph-llm/README.md

### 3.1 Docker Deployment

> **Option 1: Network-based Deployment (Recommended)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Option 1: Network-composed Deployment (Recommended)**
```

   ```

3. **Check container status:**
   ```bash
   docker-compose -f docker-compose-network.yml ps
   ```

4. **Access the services:**
   - HugeGraph Server: http://localhost:8080
   - RAG Service: http://localhost:8001

**Option 2: Individual Container Deployment**

Alternatively, you can deploy HugeGraph-AI using individual Docker containers:
   - Ensure you have Docker installed
   - We provide two container images:
     - **Image 1**: [hugegraph/rag](https://hub.docker.com/r/hugegraph/rag/tags)  
       For building and running RAG functionality for rapid deployment and direct source code modification
     - **Image 2**: [hugegraph/rag-bin](https://hub.docker.com/r/hugegraph/rag-bin/tags)  
       Binary version compiled with Nuitka for more stable and efficient performance in production

1. **Create Hugegraph Network:**
   ```bash
   docker network create -d bridge hugegraph-net
   ```

2. **Start HugeGraph Server:**
   ```bash
   docker run -itd --name=server -p 8080:8080 --network hugegraph-net hugegraph/hugegraph
   ```

3. **Start RAG Service:**
   ```bash
   # Pull the Docker image
   docker pull hugegraph/rag:latest
   # or
   docker pull hugegraph/rag-bin:latest
   

>    # Start the RAG container (replace /path/to/your/project with actual path)
>    docker run -it --name rag -v path2project/hugegraph-llm/.env:/home/work/hugegraph-llm/.env -p 8001:8001 --network hugegraph-net hugegraph/rag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # Run it (replace /path2project with actual path) & modify .env file for your needs
   docker run -it --name rag -v /path2project/hugegraph-llm/.env:/home/work/hugegraph-llm/.env -p 8001:8001 --network hugegraph-net hugegraph/rag
```

>    # or
>    docker run -it --name rag-bin -v path2project/hugegraph-llm/.env:/home/work/hugegraph-llm/.env -p 8001:8001 --network hugegraph-net hugegraph/rag-bin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # same as the "rag-bin" image...
```

   ```

> 4. **Access the interface at http://localhost:8001**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Access the UI at http://localhost:8001**
```
